README.md, before:

## The most overengineered todo list

Curious about how overengineered a Todo list (everyone's loved and hated) can be

I guess it's something similar to LinkTree. Hosted on [contabo](https://contabo.com/)

The idea started with "why tf do you need to pay LinkTree for analytics and fancy features" it's an overbloated next.js app + gatsby site (it has gotten much slower over the years) and the project itself its a 1 person product can be built in 3 days (I meant about 72 hours).

~~And it was.~~

### This project uses:

- [Chi](https://go-chi.io/#/) for backend.
- [templ](https://templ.guide/) as frontend to give me an experience similar to React (not quite xd)
- [htmx](https://htmx.org/) (just a little bit)
- [Alpine](https://alpinejs.dev/) for interactivity.
- [ent](https://entgo.io/) the only ORM and query builder in Golang feels like [drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team/) in Golang
- [Sentry](https://docs.gofiber.io/contrib/fibersentry/) for error monitoring.
- [AxiomFM](https://axiom.co) for analytics with [Fiberzap](https://arc.net/l/quote/bifhxfck) as an adapter. (not sure might change later)

oh yeah, and a [docker compose file](docker-compose.yml) to help me (or you) to scaffold database during development.

Commit message:

add monitor tsup and readme

README.md, after:

## The most overengineered todo list

Curious about how overengineered a Todo list (everyone's loved and hated) can be

I guess it's something similar to LinkTree. Hosted on [contabo](https://contabo.com/)

The idea started with "why tf do you need to pay LinkTree for analytics and fancy features" it's an overbloated next.js app + gatsby site (it has gotten much slower over the years) and the project itself its a 1 person product can be built in 3 days (I meant about 72 hours).

~~And it was.~~

### This project uses:

- [Chi](https://go-chi.io/#/) for backend.
- [templ](https://templ.guide/) as frontend to give me an experience similar to React (not quite xd)
- [htmx](https://htmx.org/) (just a little bit)
- [Alpine](https://alpinejs.dev/) for interactivity.
- [ent](https://entgo.io/) the only ORM and query builder in Golang feels like [drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team/) in Golang
- [Sentry](https://docs.gofiber.io/contrib/fibersentry/) for error monitoring.
- [AxiomFM](https://axiom.co) for analytics (not sure might change later). At the moment see current implementation details in `pkg/monitor/axiom.go`

oh yeah, and a [docker compose file](docker-compose.yml) to help me (or you) to scaffold database during development.


### To run this project

```golang
git clone git@github.com:zmzlois/LinkGoGo.git
cd LinkGoGo
cp .env.example .env
pnpm run dev
```

`pnpm run dev` is a built in pipeline to run all modules and update templ generationg concurrently. See `package.json` for what's inside this command

Alternatively if you need to start with a Postgres database you can do a `docker compose up -d`. It will 

1. Start the app 
2. Start a Postgres database (If you wish to disable this, comment out sections according to the `docker-compose.yml` file)

### Credential for .env file
